Fullstory content & feature updates + SEO/LLM optimizations (#15338)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/blog/posthog-vs-fullstory.mdx

### 1. PostHog is an all-in-one developer platform

FullStory has expanded beyond session replay into analytics, AI insights, and in-app messaging, but it still doesn't include feature flags, A/B testing, or error tracking.

> In contrast, PostHog is a comprehensive, all-in-one platform that has robust [analytics](/docs/product-analytics), [feature flagging](/docs/feature-flags), [A/B testing](/docs/experiments), [session recording](/docs/session-replay), [error tracking](/docs/error-tracking), [workflows](/workflows) and more. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In contrast, PostHog is a comprehensive, all-in-one platform that has robust [analytics](/docs/product-analytics), [A/B testing](/docs/experiments), [session recording](/docs/session-replay), [surveys](/surveys), [error tracking](/docs/error-tracking), a [CDP](/cdp), [data warehouse](/data-stack), [workflows](/workflows) and more. 
```

        'session_replay.organization.features.share_replays',
        'session_replay.organization.features.notes_on_replays',
        'session_replay.analysis.features.dom_explorer',
        'session_replay.analysis.features.console_logs',
        'session_replay.analysis.features.network_monitor',
        'session_replay.export.features.export_to_json',
        'session_replay.export.features.retention_policy',
        { label: 'Free tier', values: ['5,000 sessions/mo', '30,000 sessions/mo**'] },
    ]}
/>
</p>

<div>
    <sup>*</sup> Data retention increases on more expensive plans.
    <br />
    <sup>**</sup> FullStory offers a 30,000 sessions per month free tier with 12 month retention, but limited features.
</div>

> PostHog's [session replay](/docs/session-replay) includes console logs, network request monitoring, a DOM explorer, and performance metrics – making it more powerful for debugging. FullStory's strength is its frustration signal detection (rage clicks, dead clicks, error clicks) and StoryAI-powered session summaries.

Reviewer: Can we mention our session summaries in both these spots?
